are you fat
No yes yes you are
do you think of food all the time
no worries my fabulously fat friend we
have just the solution for you
our slimming veg alicia's milkshake
Archie is not only delicious but has
been proven to aid in drastic weight
loss veggie shake changed my life I used
to be 600 pounds now I'm 40
it's veggie licious
our product contains green screens and
nothing but green parsley pepper
cabbages and celery experiments of
watercress of pillowford the less and do
we bit of love warning use of this
product may result in chronic nausea
arthritis strep throat hallucinations
and random STDs or jaw this product may
not be for everyone